Compendium rework (#2018)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Skinning/Compendium/Others/en.md

[o!s]: /wiki/shared/mode/osu.png "osu!standard"
[o!t]: /wiki/shared/mode/taiko.png "osu!taiko"
[o!c]: /wiki/shared/mode/catch.png "osu!catch"
[o!m]: /wiki/shared/mode/mania.png "osu!mania"

# Others

> Compendium of all completed osu! skins that didn't fit in any of the other categories.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Compendium of all completed osu! skins that don't fit into any of the other categories.
```
